the stock market is going out of control
is it overvalued is it overbought in
this video we are going to look at what
the smart money is doing and what the
dumb money is doing so we can pay
attention you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you we are going
to go in depth into this I'm going to
show you for some different angles to
give you an idea of what's happening
right now today it's actually quite
interesting let me start right here you
know that Jerome Powell is is always
there to save the day and he says quote
I want to assure the American people
that we are fully committed to returning
inflation to our 2% goal thank you very
much Jerome Powell I'm sure Americans
everywhere are so pleased that you're
doing a great job of bringing inflation
down yes sure is stocks enter belief
phase with most investors converted to
Bulls what it means going forward this
was the month when the crowd shifted
decisive ly from fighting the bull to
embracing it of course you look at it
what carried this Market ultimately AI
stocks number one and then as they say
here the anti-obesity trends meaning
those drug companies that sold people on
the you know oen piic and all this stuff
and they did extremely well and so by
the the Articles were funny because they
were even saying look the more people
that take OIC the better the econom is
going to be I mean you can make an
article about anything it was probably
written by by AI so um you know anyway
that's what we're seeing right now we've
got to look at the trends and so when
you see where the money is moving to you
can start to gauge what's happening and
as we see it right here dumb money is
almost back to even making the same
mistakes usually what happens is the
retail
investors find themselves
all piling into the exact same
trade they go in for way too long they
stay in right all the way to the peak
and all the way past the peak and down
do you remember Bri X are you aware of
that there was the money uh that that
movie with Matthew mccon I think it was
called gold it was with they didn't say
it but that was about Bria and what
happened there well I know people that
didn't know anything never invested in
their entire life and yet they were
getting into
Brix and that's a very extreme
example of investing gone wrong we
shouldn't Chase these Trends we should
simply look at it and sit there
carefully and not get too ansy and not
get too itchy about trying to get into a
stock we should make the right decisions
based on our goals what are your goals
that's the first question you should be
asking before you ever pull the trigger
am I going for wealth preservation am I
going for maximum appreciation do I want
cash flow so on and so forth if you
haven't asked like asked those questions
before you bought the stock before you
bought that asset something's wrong okay
because you were influenced from out
from the outside okay so you got to know
that as long as you know that and the
second thing is what is your exit
strategy when will you sell you got to
know now that might change after a week
that might change after a year but
you've got to know as of the moment when
you're buying what is my exit strategy
most people have not determined these
two things and of course they're getting
their advice from those on
YouTube percent of the Russell 2,000
firms with negative earnings this is not
good okay you want to see a lot of
different stocks not every stock but a
lot of stocks
that are making money that are generally
doing well and that they are not just
like as a company their operation but
their stock is generally moving in the
same direction as the market which you
hope would be up but we're not seeing
that now at least in the case of the
Russell
2000 I pulled this up Google Trends uh
Google Trends gives you a little bit of
insight as what retail investors are
doing and they're looking at call
options More Than This is the past 12
months they have never searched this
much for the words uh the keywords call
options in the last 12 months so the
retail investors is going to get into
options and as I've said before there
are a lot of these guys on YouTube who
will uh teach you about options trading
courses and you'll take the course and
you're not only going to give money to
the market you're going to give money to
that guy who sold that course you're not
getting any money okay the vast majority
of people who do options over a longer
period of time will lose the pros okay
the guy who taught
me he not even him after doing so for
let's say 14 years of absolutely like
five days a week trading and two days a
week at least one to two days a week on
studying he doesn't even do options
anymore all right because you can it's
better to use a large amount of money
and put that into the market in a single
trade that might move I know a half a
percent and that would make you more
have lower risk than using options it's
it's not good okay the the risk is so
high of losing your entire investment
it's just not it's not wise for the vast
majority of people not to mention the
fact that you're probably going to incur
higher taxes depends on where you live
okay okay Europe's narrow rally is
recent compared with the US so this is
just showing us at the top you're seeing
Europe at the bottom S&P 500 and looking
at this it I mean come on I mean there
there have been some European stocks
that have been doing well but overall
the US has performed much better much
better over this period of time uh there
there are a few in there though in
Europe that have
been really carrying the market I mean
you would want talk bad
breath wow yeah internal RSI measure for
the S&P 500 has never been higher so
this is the percentage of stocks with
that RSI as a relative strength index
greater than 70 reached a series high in
December and so what this means is
basically it's an oscillator okay it
tells
us in relative terms relative to to
recent past or depending on on the time
frame you're looking at
how overbought or oversold something is
and there's different ways to look at or
whatever but the way they're doing it
here is basically over 70 means
overbought all right and so there it is
never seen it this high before never so
what does that tell you it means that
stocks are generally overbought right
now and that doesn't mean that it goes
crashing
tomorrow that means that it's very
difficult to push higher and that means
that there's increasing probability that
the market moves down doesn't have to
move a lot down but the market moves
down the probability increases the
market moving down rather than moving up
that's all it is increasing
probabilities all right stocks are
relatively overbought but not yet at
extreme so when we look at a different
way in the standard
deviations you can see that yes we are
in that overbought territory it's not
super stream we we've seen that before
like 2020 everybody's just jumping on
the bandwagon yeah we're not quite there
yet in that respect you have the
technical overbought SLS sold composite
this is uh from real investment advice
and you know their website they have
great indicators um and you could just
see here for yourself okay going to
extreme Heights
96 out of a scale from 0 to 100 so uh
pretty high there and this is one bank
that has begun to fail so the problems
are there underlying all of this many
stocks punished but others have been
doing very well so we got to watch out
where we put our money and what kind of
companies are exposed to these companies
that are not doing so well NYCB extends
its route after the latest round of
credit downgrades so it's just one stock
and by the time you're watching this
video who knows but just be very careful
about the exposure to these high
interest rates knowing that even if they
start cutting interest rates it's still
going to be high so you don't want to be
exposed to that all right and then we
talk about Warren Buffett so we can call
that the smart money maybe
perhaps well he's talking about
Coca-Cola talking about these very big
companies and I want to make this very
clear so shout outs to the finance
Friday crew this is something that I
want you guys to know okay so he's
saying birkshire is not big on newcomers
and it's that's part of the joke right
because he might miss a lot of
opportunities in that case these are
birkshire Hathway's longest held
positions they're also the second and
third largest positions in the portfolio
behind Apple's
gargantuan percentage American Express
is 8.9% of the total Coca-Cola is
6.6% of the total so those are the some
of the biggest companies that Buffett
has now why these companies have a core
business that has been incredibly
successful more than a century they've
tried to Branch into new side hustles
that haven't worked out but their main
business has flourished they travel
quote travel as their products have
worked themselves across the globe their
names have become synonymous with their
Core Business building strong resilient
Brands both of them have uh market
products and services that are always in
demand Timeless Essentials of our world
credit cards and of course Coca-Cola
doesn't just make Coke products they
make all kinds of different products but
no matter where you go you
look in countries that are sanctioned
from head to toe they have Coca-Cola
products can you believe this you go to
any country in the world you will be
able to order Coca-Cola all right so
that's what he's saying it's how foreign
widespread they are in the case of Apple
you got to understand this this is an
American company right they might
manufacture a lot in China but they
might have you know sales in Australia
they might have sales in different
countries of Africa they might have all
these different things right it's not
just one place like where the company's
headquarters is or where the vast
majority of their you know original
consumers were you got to know that they
start opening up to different Market
markets and each one of those is a
potential sale potential revenue and
then the services that come along with
it of course if you have a consumer
let's just say with the Coca-Cola
they're not drinking Co Coca-Cola one
time they're probably going to buy it
each and every single day so keep that
in mind right you want those returning
customers the residual income all right
if you want to know more all the details
of the financial system very simply
explained encompass Compass is totally
free the money gps.com
Compass or you just go to the money
gps.com the link is right there totally
free no pay wall no email to enter you
just go there learn it's 20 minutes
super short videos I brought that to you
so that you can not only view it for
yourself but you can share it with
friends or family and there's no Links
at all on that page to like the the
money GPS my YouTube none of that so you
could feel confident sharing that with
your friends and family the money
gps.com I hope to see you tomorrow take
care